Documentation update of cherry-pick details for users (#60386)
mistercrunch/Airflow: contributing-docs/05_pull_requests.rst

    big PRs so by splitting it to smaller PRs you actually speed up the review process and make it easier
    for your change to be eventually merged.

> -   To learn more about ``cherry-pick`` of PRs, refer `here <../blob/main/dev/README_AIRFLOW3_DEV.md>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   To learn more about ``cherry-pick`` of PRs, refer to the `Airflow 3 development documentation <../blob/main/dev/README_AIRFLOW3_DEV.md>`_.
```

Author: Thanks for your review TP @uranusjr ! I saw "__" used in most places hence used it.

On further research, found that "_" refers to named inline link while "__" refers to an anonymous inline link. Hence changing all places from "__" to "_" as well, since named link is a good practice.

Added missing "." after sentences in couple of places as well.
